1. NoSQL definition
    NoSQL is a type of database system that does not use relational database system, such as SQL, hence NoSQL (no SQL).
    NoSQL does not have a tabular or structured data system like SQL. NoSQL data does not follow a strict schema. For example,
    data entry in NoSQL is stored in JSON format that does not require a specific set of rule, such as having a specific field value.

2. When to use NoSQL
    NoSQL is usually appropriate for data that is dynamic and not structured. For example, social media usually has a dynamic data
    such as users that has a biography, while others don't. For RDBMS, it is more appropriate for structured and tabular data where
    relations between the tables are important.

3. Tools/Platform for NoSQL
    Examples of platforms for NoSQL is MongoDB and Cassandra. MongoDB is one of the most popular database which has high
    schema flexibility and scalability. It also has a wide integration and adoption into many systems because of its popularity.
    Cassandra is a NoSQL database that is designed to be robust and has high availability, meaning it has high fault tolerance.
    It is also more optimized for writing large amount of data without degrading its performance.

4. Airflow usage
    Apache Airflow is a tool used for workflow management for data engineering process. Airflow use directed acyclic graph (DAG)
    to perform tasks. The tasks can be run on schedule to perform automated workflow.

5. Great Expectation usage
    Great Expectation is a tool used to perform data validation. The tool can be interfaced with many types of data source to
    perform validation about the data, such as uniqueness of column or the volume of the data itself. This tool can be used to validate
    both the content and also schema of the data source.

6. Batch Processing
    Batch processing is defined as processing data in batches. What is means is that the data being processed come in at one batch
    at a time instead of real time (streaming). For example, quarterly profit data is being processed using batch processing. This
    is because even though profit and sales happen everyday, the data is only processed in batches or group, i.e. quarterly batches.
    One of the tools that can be used to perform batch processing is Apache Airflow. Apache Airflow can be configured to perform its tasks
    once every quarter.